Over one hundred miles of scenic river now a neon
ribbon of sludge environmental protection agency says it was excavating around an old
mine in colorado when heavy machinery toward this whole wastewater spewed into the
...near silverton colorado working its way self towards deranged go into new mexico
...nell passing farmington tracking west toward ship brock
in the colorado river moving at less than four miles per hour official say they
are protecting drinking water from the contaminated river...show the water around the
mine has traces of...arsenic and is now...as strong
coffee and river guides depended on rafting tourism dollars to keep them afloat have been
sideline during the busy summer season this afternoon the
leak was finally stopped but the questions continue the governor of new mexico
...on a martinez took aim at the epa on facebook friday morning posting
imagine what would happen if a private company cause this way
spill adding I'm disturbed by the lack of information provided by the epa?